My wife has been waiting inside for a long time
Sir please
OK
I rely on you to close the door, I can understand
What do you mean by locking it outside?
Are you afraid that I won't be able to run away?
Qin Gongzi
The slave family has been waiting for a long time
Why did you come only now?
Qin Gongzi
Why are you ignoring the slave family?
Could it be that
Shy
Hey little girl
You're playing with fire.
Sir, I don't know what you're talking about
Didn't you say you missed me?
I'd like to see how much you think
Qin Gongzi, don't make trouble
Although Hong Xiu was born in Qinglong
But it's also Marubi
Why is the son so provocative?
Didn't you tease me first?
Why didn't you admit it so soon?
Sir, please take a seat first
Hong Xiu will make you a cup of tea
Hmph, no lesson for you
I really thought I was a vegetarian